docs/developers/index.md, before:

.. _develop:

Developing django-sis
=====================

Cache and grade calculations
----------------------------

1. All cached datbaase fields must use django-cached-field.
2. Models that can invalidate another models cache must have a invalidate_cache method

See Chart https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1RWuOcglD8BvkDeSASJA2yH4wXvtAezdqAV0xMdGWqYU/edit?usp=sharing
Discussion Doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lZAiPqKpZe_Ah9nCL5iBb5z3dpvjqWBZxLQcuFsDG-Y/edit?usp=sharing


School specific features
-------------------------

.. admonition:: A school wants some odd feature but it should be off by default. What do I do?

Settings should go in constance-config_. Help text and a sane default is required. 

.. _constance-config : ../django_sis/settings.py#L439

Prefix names when multiple settings are used. For example LDAP_USERNAME and LDAP_PASSWORD.

In the future settings will be given custom interfaces. The only way to edit constance now is in 
/admin -> Constance -> Config

Unit tests should added to confirm school specific features work. For example a setting that changes GPA should
include a unit test that verifies that when the setting is enabled - the GPA is affected as expected. Include this
unit test time in any paid estimates as a required part of the job.

Commit message:

Add info for debugging through docker

docs/developers/index.md, after:

.. _develop:

Developing django-sis
=====================

## Local Development
### Debugging
To debug a python app normally you would use pdb or maybe [pudb](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pudb). These don't work
as well, hoever, within a Docker container, when you might be running it in background and through fig. Instead you can setup [wdb](https://github.com/Kozea/wdb) to debug through websockets.

```bash
echo wdb >> dev-requirements.txt
echo '
  environment:
    WDB_SOCKET_SERVER: wdb
    WDB_NO_BROWSER_AUTO_OPEN: True
wdb:
  image: saulshanabrook/wdb-server
  ports:
    - "1984:1984"
'>> fig.yml
```

Then, when you want to add a breakpoint in the app add `import wdb; wdb.set_trace()` and if you open `http://<docker ip>:1984/` you can see the breakpoint and debug and then continue.

The reason the image is `saulshanabrook/wdb` is because they haven't merged
[docker support](https://github.com/Kozea/wdb/pull/36).

Cache and grade calculations
----------------------------

1. All cached datbaase fields must use django-cached-field.
2. Models that can invalidate another models cache must have a invalidate_cache method

See Chart https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1RWuOcglD8BvkDeSASJA2yH4wXvtAezdqAV0xMdGWqYU/edit?usp=sharing
Discussion Doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lZAiPqKpZe_Ah9nCL5iBb5z3dpvjqWBZxLQcuFsDG-Y/edit?usp=sharing


School specific features
-------------------------

.. admonition:: A school wants some odd feature but it should be off by default. What do I do?

Settings should go in constance-config_. Help text and a sane default is required. 

.. _constance-config : ../django_sis/settings.py#L439

Prefix names when multiple settings are used. For example LDAP_USERNAME and LDAP_PASSWORD.

In the future settings will be given custom interfaces. The only way to edit constance now is in 
/admin -> Constance -> Config

Unit tests should added to confirm school specific features work. For example a setting that changes GPA should
include a unit test that verifies that when the setting is enabled - the GPA is affected as expected. Include this
unit test time in any paid estimates as a required part of the job.
